<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>info</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="index.css" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="paragraph"><p>Hello! My name is Lauren McGuigan and I am a Junior Communication
                Major at the University of Pittsburgh at Greensburg. My focus is in Media Studies,
                and I am currently pursuing a Digital Studies Certificate. I will graduate in April
                of 2017, and am looking for opportunities in the entertainment industry.</p>
            <p> I am very passionate about film and television, and am interested in Production,
                Communications, and Marketing, as well as other aspects of the Entertainment
                Industry. </p>
            <p>I have gained significant internship experience as a Promotions Assistant at CBS
                Radio in Pittsburgh. This internship provided me with knowledge of promotions,
                on-site operations, and social media marketing. As a Promotions Assistant, I worked
                at various entertainment events, where I promoted the station through interaction
                with the public and social media. I also spoke with employees at the venues where
                our events took place to ensure that everything went smoothly. You will note on my
                resume that I have additional employment experience with Belongings in Monroeville
                Mall. This job has provided me with hands on experience in inventory, purchasing,
                sales, employee training, and communication with customers. Both positions have
                encouraged me to develop leadership, teamwork, and organizational skills.</p>
            <p>I have also acquired useful skills in my coursework at the University of Pittsburgh
                at Greensburg. I have taken classes including: Television and Society, Rhetorical
                Process, Interviewing, Persuasion, and Digital Storytelling. I have received
                training in iMovie and Final Cut Pro, as well as Wordpress. I am an experienced user
                of Google Drive, Mac, and Office programs. Also, by April 30th I will have completed
                classes in coding and data visualization, and Web Design.</p>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
